README.md, before:

# deckgl-typings
TypeScript declaration files for [deck.gl](https://deck.gl/#/documentation/)

This is a work in progress - see the [issues list](https://github.com/danmarshall/deckgl-typings/issues)

```
npm install @danmarshall/deckgl-typings
```
These will automatically appear in your projects `node_modules/@types` folder, thanks to [indefinitely-typed](https://github.com/danmarshall/indefinitely-typed#readme).

Then it is possible to link the mappings in your project so typescript can find them (since the project is not in @types yet). 

Create a new file like `deckgl.d.ts` (although it could be named anything ending in `.d.ts`) in your `src/` directory with the following code:
```
import * as DeckTypings from "@danmarshall/deckgl-typings"
declare module "deck.gl" {
    export namespace DeckTypings {}
}
```


## Version mapping

| deck.gl version | deckgl-typings version |
|-----------------|------------------------|
| 5.x.x           | 1.x.x                  |
| 6.x.x           | 2.x.x                  |
| 7.x.x           | 3.x.x                  |
| 8.x.x           | 4.x.x                  |

## Known issues

These typings are now v4 which targets deck.gl v8. The following issues are changes to v8 from deck.gl v7 which have not been added to these typings:

- [ ] [It is now possible to replace a layer's accessors with binary data attributes.](https://github.com/uber/deck.gl/blob/master/docs/whats-new.md#better-binary-data-support)
- [ ] [GPU filtering for layers](https://github.com/uber/deck.gl/blob/master/docs/whats-new.md#gpu-data-filter-in-aggregation-layers) - Adds a [getFilterValue](https://github.com/uber/deck.gl/blob/master/docs/api-reference/extensions/data-filter-extension.md#getfiltervalue-function) to some layers.
- [ ] [Optional specifying the _framebuffer prop of Deck.](https://github.com/uber/deck.gl/blob/master/docs/whats-new.md#other-new-features-and-improvements)
- [ ] [Pick a 3d surface point in the scene](https://github.com/uber/deck.gl/blob/master/docs/whats-new.md#other-new-features-and-improvements) by passing unproject3D: true to deck.pickObject or deck.pickMultipleObjects.
- [ ] ArcLayer supports drawing arcs between two 3D positions
- [ ] 64-bit positions are now 3D instead of 2D
- [ ] FirstPersonView now supports pitch
- [ ] FlyToInterpolator now supports duration: 'auto'.

## 🙏
Thanks to the community of contributors for adding many typings over the last few months. Please feel free to continue fixes for the above or any other issues. 🥂

Commit message:

Remove post-install step and devDependency on indefinitely-typed

README.md, after:

# deckgl-typings
Forked from danmarshall/deckgl-typings - the only functional difference is removal of the post-install step that utilizes `indefinitely-typed` to copy type definitions to `node_modues/@types`.

TypeScript declaration files for [deck.gl](https://deck.gl/#/documentation/)

This is a work in progress - see the [issues list](https://github.com/danmarshall/deckgl-typings/issues)

```
npm install @danmarshall/deckgl-typings
```
These will automatically appear in your projects `node_modules/@types` folder, thanks to [indefinitely-typed](https://github.com/danmarshall/indefinitely-typed#readme).

Then it is possible to link the mappings in your project so typescript can find them (since the project is not in @types yet). 

Create a new file like `deckgl.d.ts` (although it could be named anything ending in `.d.ts`) in your `src/` directory with the following code:
```
import * as DeckTypings from "@danmarshall/deckgl-typings"
declare module "deck.gl" {
    export namespace DeckTypings {}
}
```


## Version mapping

| deck.gl version | deckgl-typings version |
|-----------------|------------------------|
| 5.x.x           | 1.x.x                  |
| 6.x.x           | 2.x.x                  |
| 7.x.x           | 3.x.x                  |
| 8.x.x           | 4.x.x                  |

## Known issues

These typings are now v4 which targets deck.gl v8. The following issues are changes to v8 from deck.gl v7 which have not been added to these typings:

- [ ] [It is now possible to replace a layer's accessors with binary data attributes.](https://github.com/uber/deck.gl/blob/master/docs/whats-new.md#better-binary-data-support)
- [ ] [GPU filtering for layers](https://github.com/uber/deck.gl/blob/master/docs/whats-new.md#gpu-data-filter-in-aggregation-layers) - Adds a [getFilterValue](https://github.com/uber/deck.gl/blob/master/docs/api-reference/extensions/data-filter-extension.md#getfiltervalue-function) to some layers.
- [ ] [Optional specifying the _framebuffer prop of Deck.](https://github.com/uber/deck.gl/blob/master/docs/whats-new.md#other-new-features-and-improvements)
- [ ] [Pick a 3d surface point in the scene](https://github.com/uber/deck.gl/blob/master/docs/whats-new.md#other-new-features-and-improvements) by passing unproject3D: true to deck.pickObject or deck.pickMultipleObjects.
- [ ] ArcLayer supports drawing arcs between two 3D positions
- [ ] 64-bit positions are now 3D instead of 2D
- [ ] FirstPersonView now supports pitch
- [ ] FlyToInterpolator now supports duration: 'auto'.

## 🙏
Thanks to the community of contributors for adding many typings over the last few months. Please feel free to continue fixes for the above or any other issues. 🥂
